[21.01] Release Notes for 21.01 (#11379)
galaxyproject/galaxy: doc/source/releases/21.01_announce_user.rst

  Markdown editor support and allow exporting workflow reports directly to Galaxy Pages.
  `Pull Request 10241`_, `Pull Request 10288`_, `Pull Request 10404`_

* History panel rewrite (available in the UI as a beta option).
  `Pull Request 8441`_, `Pull Request 11071`_, `Pull Request 10971`_

* Allow organizing the panel via EDAM ontology annotations.
  (thanks to `@hexylena <https://github.com/hexylena>`__).
  `Pull Request 10592`_

* Large overhaul over history import and export - including improved user experience, APIs, and allowing importing and exporting
  to file sources plugins (including FTP).
  `Pull Request 11054`_, `Pull Request 10993`_

* Various substantial improvements to data library user interface and performance
  (thanks to `@OlegZharkov <https://github.com/OlegZharkov>`__).
  `Pull Request 10204`_, `Pull Request 11099`_,
  `Pull Request 10557`_, `Pull Request 10558`_,
  `Pull Request 10807`_

* UI & API for Supporting Best Practice Workflows
  `Pull Request 10988`_, `Pull Request 11025`_
* Add author and license metadata and corresponding web microdata annotations for tools
  and workflows.
  `Pull Request 10408`_

> 

Reviewer: todo @hexylena add workflow invocation progress thing for @mvdbeek . thanks for the reminder of sth I missed!

Reviewer: Did not intend to forget this -- sometimes just can't tell if something is interesting from the PR titles / multiple minor PRs to enhance something get lost sometimes :(

please let me know if I'm misisng other stuff!

  (thanks to `@bernt-matthias <https://github.com/bernt-matthias>`__).
  `Pull Request 10270`_
* add ome.tiff datatype
  (thanks to `@qiagu <https://github.com/qiagu>`__).
  `Pull Request 10349`_
* Add support for the dzi (Deep Zoom Image) data format
  (thanks to `@gregvonkuster <https://github.com/gregvonkuster>`__).
  `Pull Request 10546`_
* Add datatype converters for various MD filetypes
  (thanks to `@simonbray <https://github.com/simonbray>`__).
  `Pull Request 10757`_
* Add nifti1 and nifti2 datatype
  (thanks to `@bgruening <https://github.com/bgruening>`__).
  `Pull Request 11020`_
* add tck and trk datatype
  (thanks to `@bgruening <https://github.com/bgruening>`__).
  `Pull Request 11021`_
* add gifti fileformat
  (thanks to `@bgruening <https://github.com/bgruening>`__).
  `Pull Request 11028`_
* add basic Apache Parquet datatype
  `Pull Request 11047`_
* Add minimal `msf` datatype
  (thanks to `@nsoranzo <https://github.com/nsoranzo>`__).
  `Pull Request 11084`_

Builtin Tool Updates
===========================================================

.. tools

* Allow the Apply Rules tool to attach tags to output datasets.
  `Pull Request 10382`_
* allow empty file uploads

>   (thanks to `@galaxyproject <https://github.com/galaxyproject>`__).

Reviewer: This looks like a bug? 11079 is bernt-matthias

===========================================================
January 2021 Galaxy Release (v 21.01)
===========================================================

.. include:: _header.rst

Highlights
===========================================================

Workflows are the absolute ✨star✨ of Galaxy v21.01, they have seen huge improvements.

Workflows: Best Practices, Reports, Invocations
-----------------------------------------------

Workflows have seen huge improvements this release! The workflow report editor is easier than ever to use providing you with a list of common report components, interactive interfaces for embedding them in your reports, and a new workflow invocation tracker. You can now embed visualizations directly in your workflow reports making summarizing your analyses easier than ever.  And, once your reports are produced, you can export them directly to pages to share your reports with colleagues.

.. raw:: html

   <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/TmZzfaKf1V0" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> If you're building advanced workflows utilizing Galaxy's powerful sub-workflows for re-usable workflow components, then you'll be pleased to know you can now automatically update those to the latest version

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're building advanced workflows utilizing Galaxy's powerful sub-workflows for reusable workflow components, then you'll be pleased to know you can now automatically update those to the latest version
```
